I used to sing from the daily taquara
caught in the throat pull paulo is the team
of fa
São Paulo is the team of faith São Paulo is
the team will address you departed victor
Photograph
hathaway
tel
op
the rise of the dollar in the market the glory
European tour and fell on the right side of the
athletic goal center street
National de sao paulo safe now
will keep the vacancy
there was one of them could only be a myth
could selection could be it's a
predestined brand of athletic paulo
0 and now comes to dance the tricolor the sky
from brogodó dario to nobody else
there your the man of the age boasted wilson
is the goal of the arsenal banks são paulo
arsenal 23 trunk to be the arsenal by
make 5 to 0 to take the second position
de são paulo são paulo winning the balance
of goals - 1 - 4 the wave the tricolor wilson
damask
cavasin that tranquility in the rogério
to score the penalty kick.
Waited for Victor and the rogério vibe
who fell on his knees there to celebrate
boat second shark on the face of the
goal of the event
now I'm
until the young bread
the hotel
Diana is my sunshine for the team to finish.
for a team that finds confesses place
always willing and believing in the ball
great cat
he had al wahda stolen was also
too well
'mad mario' was not a
Braghetto perhaps gordon brwon the
athletic and consuming tri-color victory
beats on the chest beats on the chest
more than 90,000 zon but to the owner
Sao paulo 2 athletic 0 and now I thoron
am
São Paulo is the team at Father Chagas
link the goose makes a great game news
a great game holding the ball
controlling the game spending had to
threading oswald oswald
attacker he could have invaded the area
and crossover hits to see what gave but
he was smart he found ademilson
free to complete to the back of the goal
beautiful goal of são paulo beautiful played the
morumbi catch fire now breathe a little
More Relieved 2 for Sao Paulo 0
athletic broad miner comes the best game
which the fan expected to inflatable
so Sao Paulo took advantage of the moment
that the athletic had to put
attackers and was closing
but also putting their men of
speed and in this good throw in this ball
by the osvaldo hook could have
but kicked up a head thing
that evolution touched nothing less than
got in the goal by acting
practically the game